globalization has been on the way for centuries and europe and the united
states that way and 21 folio centric audience like guardians broccoli 6 a
template linex face the meta kees and is now book the future is asian and above all
gonna john too fast high knees youtube i'm the show before you fucking system
socialists glass art here in the address bar is super
informative some things from the close together in more is to get some say
you by in the bar i describe the age an irish a poster offer that does not
darwin's bed after five hundred years of colonial is in the cabbage by gwen van de
16th century and large europe is colonized when european is there
it fragments in the cold but too cold war gio politics is min 500,000 sessions
and more to push each other then we're kony jonas there so since that other cold
or wishes doll monster de us go head this process of
reintegration people or the new silk road they form the new silk pro sieben
joke terriers and that's why i join the ionization
because of who discovery each other and even more i become more than five percent of
the global economy at colic fretboard each other and they push the rest of the
world so in fact something all sweet gps come back
together into where I system everything and the actual show starts mentality with the
again in the meadow story we in this cell for manslaughter I was now in cedar wood marie
all that can go into an above you why i see some countries are hardly a
country now kempi wide but usa that feature drops
new zealand and australia arlidesa so sit here and live sustainably
correct fsi party at and elizabeth fisheye use and saw my definition not
once a geographers change anyways from the mediterranean sea in the
red teaming israel lebanon varieties jerky and the and the
would you in the wave of frieze the weight care and russian east joke ow
yes just really yes that is not correct and fisheries and i'm doing
using you at sets and last when is who we are latest books about age show
however if you need a man what she's my god your european videos dryer and job en
cable guides okay so an egypt cable pages will be so missing and how old am i
ill in the correct driving bob it is properly built is full agency voice
well china 'is a marriage agency agency stem love my previous boxes
probably more than a third is not have this pop out effect by chinae
machines had nothing deep in the floating worlds originally
embedded innovation systems and understanding loves you depends on
other regions and in the had regional coming out of line eyeshadow
testimonial cono mi e other populations the voter india not in larger
population in china with engineers of yours that story
like something beach photo slow charlie those people in china 'is one point 5
trillion as the 5 million drop in insha
world talk about his humor was understand over to by free to go back to this idea
of the crunch there is on hard wic in cmc the gothic greyed out so you talking
about this would you switch and its to align both connect people in
the west selecon interior afghanistan iiamo go
to the police a chai to thailand your pain and in set 2 stralia anything right
so no idea is defect ipl i am in love people in their home countries with it
to that video like you take could fries lengua or jerky there is real or
Saudi Arabia Bry She's Western Geographic
westreenen fringes northwest a friend quarrel and software in boyfriends or region
bf for the plague for greg tronios branded and
southwestern home at lienden wesley home that horses western institutions
no the over european union and so on get any use these countries and realize
their own way for reasons that the west mixed people was thermidor what you
much much who we have romedenne which in part part with windows fiber home
the independent in turkey week olie de canio breath in fancy no way they can cool
en european de henny je discover the asian opportunity
that is the parties all both countries or in our economic leader more time to asia
the hardware sorry show us army is a kind of training gate
and outshine there is a photo trading partners to cherokee is finally in
a joint european the measurements of diplomatic
house joint rheingold a red natural bright and m
saudi arabia no even choose us all white orion jacket
across the indian ocean view south korea japan china and india
bright like confectionery china is a very great
i a new role is be geographically with urbino mistake by geology is night
shift in the couple of the ki jai neoderma economy creation and becomes
photos sauna is that most beautiful chichiri
age and sbo and so who sie hatten eine from shine edition driver outside
power of the national to by so perfect to try an elephant with the geography
the site under the grammys the coatinc is here in russia and
rational very proud of their european heritage and there white ice age live
and howard we they find to be controlled projecting yes well i am piping with
the generation of russia for a long time and at the title bar aprilvis book arena
and ajax is playing in a and so i can do the tekoa punchline
brochures the modern graphics show i put new zembla ice hockey team
bright and i can usa was the iseki tm view 'diego los angeles mike also agency
penguins european and the orientation the control setback in by peter the great
innocent risk in the game and the countries and naturally marching driver
perfect there is a version that became fresh contacts versus clown
populations mn is muslim south central asian a trick i station one what is the
contribution fascists clothing everywhere populations motor persons giorno
locations is very rapidly and in the immigration is happening from central
asian and and adoration side research relations the new migration cairns
because you're actually woman fast and easy migration from the competition
Participant provide Winfrey who hall and Mobile who
to europe something a subject waikiki diplomatic lovers the europol james
crash meanwhile i think advisors and can
russians common to business and trade show for it would be identity is wet
fixed things with set by one segment on the
population and type of canada can relate to bed my drive and and
australia to by the way and from the stairs at home in australia have the bin if u
children seidio de je is now when trio is so can him
fixed bulge ddt arthur also went european that simply live in lydia
greater geography now because i vinci en australia to them by far the largest
influx of for nerds is agence at van barry je scampi's not
just fine bros luupen india en as we say i say that somebody have functional disorders
shelley doesn't care about words the side of the situation
quinoa is aviation is happening in countries all over the world i just be
that more people and organizations cool ik be dead chair borneo glass is a
comedian actor country escamp irrigation channels leader then we had
as elia i am areas you decided haven military
partnership for alliance with africa again with china and the us an african countries
have for indian workers and knowing your telecommunications engineer textile
factories the any one of those things or alle ben is
happening in a 1000 and 1000 manufacturer rhino world in some way she performs the
annual producer personal un level is that everyone knows how
european day all rights go to their parents costar die zijn the working
language switcher fabr premium club football team everyone knows
where everyone knows how american day or in some more and ride your favor
hollywood actor about your studies something like that we have a good interpretation
seminar on your country in which for the world there is an american influence my
were just starting to be able to answer the question college arms in which I put it
the little things really big things but it's happening anywhere in your glass
chris chair which is first in look holding function is a feature too
use en and so cure is perry definition
by far the biggest shimon stryver's most populous who in the world at home for
at home in euros or distinct civilization already histories
joralf that's a nice major civilizations so you will never have come and relax
you never common language you never common currency you comment parliament dat
doesn't mean the azure is home in a hospital and eyes in the salon
that is of course the european week it is now 10 north american we give you this so beautiful
and I track you that from inside out which means or treat complementary die
ster free trade agreements the labor
mobility yogis between the country's guy anneessens moving and view of
education country lodge in and south korea china
the song the more pics tony's indonesians filipino's genius of
afrikaans moving into their countries too much prefer this job and is number
hedge million for nursing group and that is a micro melting pot
by canadian standard wide body certifeye full new degree of engagement socially
with each other than they had in many many centuries and it's actually had a
english so beautiful spinach in the sky no from melting pot cities like hong kong and
singapore for simple de and coats in time that let her go
people coming from the west end airco in chinese countries slide in mencoder
teachers to the bad and the de site cj m
do you like want nation world order be your brand and like world order this
music logo on the microphone you lead the asian world order slightly
means that there is no more western in china in in my work i always emphasize
that were heading and then president airowear use multiple powers
van thiev engines and cultures and history star import at the same time
in premium there is where you wash her in a super power multiple powerslim
wester and power pc quirijn this is the first time in history of united states
legs super power europe is a global power channels clients pedigree to and
white engineer china in which youtube and brooch australia create i know the world
house a a significant powers right summer
wider in more powerful than others of course but we've got the pyramid of fine
so weekend personal growth with number one
we understand pines before that china what if it's all about
brain and that's the way they were actually looks two so if you start to
run issue your sister number one you can enter also to an answer my zo
they just taking its rightful place it's not being the world a sensor
displacements raphaels histories that has slept scared the
viewer next to americans with number one day toilet seat number one
m so in this feature is in asia in fact magic word on hd mage and the westway
effective interna greetz your mobile number one so let's all
just take comfort that just a gotta move beyond that question c'est bien silent
superpowered sun and world artist economic des commandes military in
diplomatic and economic influence all over the world
but no american how the deuce perfect this relative share on google docs google
economy is variety in the client in the rai they are
that's not sold in a week in the beach austria and netter military canola
work aldershot everywhere i served in iraq and afghanistan are also hope
difficulties for military power in a song a second translation for solid
ground does not run this kind of estation where you have nuclear power
berrio million marlies at a youtube event expenditures is running so remarkably
and just get it swee chighi both brands love it or hate listing
youssef two this is a multipolar world shows can decide on its own
words you could push in the ringtone or initiative is a mountain of samples and the
wheels the bell theory no cd is original and in china where the military
a thousand roads countries on board and it is the world both large as snow scores
infrastructure infrastructure plan plan marshall plan to something probably
fifty that speaker to and in and you fucking work and billions of people who
chord opinion cacciatori for the country's major
infrastructure pipeline now and then and witsenburg thumbs.db
because you can you can never gonna in florence what shine and its neighbors
and viewing a theory to push other white-red lozano and trams and
edward aveling so witnessing with a number of two the belt insects regional
Surinam partnership with version by agence online agents
and the ringtone oh dinner service I wanted to offer connector own decisions as well
singlet eco-driving weekend finch waste dorothy from european sb
circuit strategically in north and even incapable or deciding for him
what is best for name and angle news reviews hi arthur camps to expand
great people and in the belgian audi club liquid and the us s & s and the
bladder chapel views form post other countries join it and the asia
infrastructure investment banker are other shows and tricks on a lead
development finance institution with all countries join the any way
die because it's good for their own interests and i am i know and sundry
goods antica posta future amateurs of the teams and people haiti want the show
not all that equipment and time and time again and boot Muslim world civil unrest
live in this area were talking about any such a great war is as much as part of
this system and straight of the month i would you mind if you look so it is the
final rosie already the largest populations in the world expo is the climate change in
the source crash original show notes to-do if development falls lines and
roll through three scenarios your waist contact i like for oil
vitamin water which would go wrong in the books full of origami north korea
china tibet china india south china sea of ​​india pakistan who is who
build worlds with the spielt snow machine and you who are violent and be very
clear and the slander who has been here since the fall de sault junior agency bodyguard
at keeping their job wrap the speech intentions and be while giving
spectacular the spectacular degree of economics
integration and mutual benefit and the beast 3 no positive signs or things
was managed east engines and he won your credit spectacular
buy this import and role in helping people learn and some of those with cute
snow kill beds there is eco-label role and keeping us stable
creatures as such garbo coffee and managing the fuel and tension sofa
democracy the just different from that in china where the color
bladezz pig save us be discussed there jurgis for her billion people and
shine there is already someone or the arm or people million being for the alarm clock
who live on democracy in a show in the rest phone number
righteous who cupid visual great india indonesia
philippines ghost recon free website one point 7 billion people right there je
bent island is coming out of a and have military regime in election
here not to mention chicken and south korea taiwan australia new
zealand in the greater is a space odyssey in some nice countries for
historical creatures in sydney youtube de legacy berlusconi december american
occupation this house him the foremost emotions in the world with we the engine
frank democracy are what mike australia and new zealand with sean and so spoke
china china enderman 215 billion people general lee van at fort kearney
energy but there is more than two billion
people know who do not believe other charlie's the organic and dxf
period stories to the democratic real
something like highbury anyway and baby is this page and monica targaryen manolev me
for shame i stood by chinae hello any situation outsider taino
your wish to learn from the targaryen family are final as such an easy to
finally from the johnny supporters and so from January
riley media and glory and evolution minute drag the train sit there is
jump a text in the diversions groningen where there is lively democratic
byron cultures internet democracy this in detail in the books that
said the old west stay focused on china love this is with a vest and even
something early to give us trainer step into earth above fats us a time-out the
tumor powerful for shaping your economies net tv on the global economy
and geopolitical hinges and whether or not download sensation against the Gauls
and champion and belts body and that fabory it is here
that's not sure 3 europe represent a large proportion of global trade battery
percent of montenegro influence in china and we should not be off coast with us
and north america and then in mozart fucking in canada
region of the world actually so create the us as much as significant role
look in ssrs in charge of ill and alex ice
to so int actors multiple players in the great war and what were missing van
the ip address the us china is the there other regions victory of the great
where everyone was no time and i'm only those sweet sensation hype
selfies t670 and 15 million people look with nothing so no 6 bars garden in
tiger population is the european of the tarsis you could channel mcqueen
sul the worlds at home on a larger gpp in india and when i stand
for sagging from china pre-twang from india with the gpp you just
asian is more bitter india's gdp the lidl regional policy and gets more
for investment in chinatown and I also participate and deathmatch receiving is one
bulging and accelerating the cause of the great war
bright so fucking in fries now fly the rods with the other parts of a who
actually forget that those winter opinion of the trie bornego becomen equally bigger
part of the story of f student and nachos home sample
ball poverty case in the beam un arrêté pollyanna creating the world it
seems like watching functions at pulling baking mold kublai party at cools in
reporters at your argue that shit stiff ipod touch store and yes
show time and show you the demographic flows about new young age a swinging
euro aging asian countries by millions and millions and millions
creatures circulating amtico the scampis the only
in countries or bring down whom they restrictions wb what motors
sony developing countries which have eyeliner with lego box is new in best
residence skiing or anthropologists schemes can jan joosse de west i know you find
you come in leeuwarden continuous hires and locals bring knowledge a talent and
joshua my bed tablet opening boarders who and
so true is millions of people in the western countries where borders maybe
you could and coaching billions of people live nation countries
the opposites opening show father became thinking about
xenophobia or populism once drove century
entree protectionism lodge remember that a very narrow conversation de revised to
a few countries are probably be king you those choices for future
like the uk and us so after phytesia my words governments are not my
primary quite frankly energizing is at openings and opening further and was and
who were you people in a west youtube perforated our in the teacher
well i know this really no longer such thing is a copy
united west my finger knowledge about gimp loving you can't read a lot more like
western europe that it is like the night it is always a transfer protocol
economy in joël verse 16 people for that tank of american you cabin the van
surf camps display so innovative and cyborgs longest project
a doctor in the bar is my driver on your pc
de europe which will i represent western much as any other part of the west is
your opinion heavily towards you might be working in frames with eva
onecoins x trillions of dollars see here that's $ 500 trillion see nice here
in a trie baby was no money that allow the money and i want those shows the
european week at poulidor because they may not be
articulating their position in light hose white and on the bbc your video
will be told essential german french and intelligence manager doing at dalto
you were doing the red chili weaning barry have liter tdi bkd key
tariq names child race track job student oyster export and yes there to deal
with the challenges of you on the die lucy clutching espers sweet mid
wtf wtf strong position if necessary the german government is 0 teaching material
criticizing child and other weston gave him a sorbet bay support engineer at
isd in beijing challenge at the same time
ryan impression reading and pulling by chloé de us is with the teepee p20 along with the
comprehensive and trade agreement from canada mexico vary widely join us this
like think that there is no one western and servers what
smart western countries using en ibou blok from germany canada and other
countries it's been to the smart boring western powerskin youtube and did
before tv and constructive enter with the swing and with lessons minutes
to wild west possession and ancient world order
something arab region can do this kind of gravity with my you five billion people
to go for the mating generations with jerry the world's population
growing together rapidly wrappers and in him en charge erotic anal microphones
export market so now Christians race tracks rice number
what youtube poverty disease prevent and score by the question is how you get to
insert estate and benefit from wpm know that benefit from great big time
at benefit from a challenge migrants coming from from asia
bry and that kind of western countries with 213 ow that benefit's ben brad and
resisting something that should be both sides' sixteen you and find it
from carlo kannewasser now here is the martians in very often i don't think
that those for that she would follow and she collaboration is key customize memo
cabinet in venray woman i think something of watch this book
is so information from ferry somogyi i think intl thank you
dj now is becanus but the bodyguard or professional accountant your interior
helping businesses theo right side change with strategic thinking
insightful decisions and business leadership
arjuna whiteside change as command cb